Add lightgbm and onednn files (#133)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/lightgbm.md

---
name: LightGBM
category: Databases - Big-data
description: LightGBM is a free and open-source distributed gradient-boosting framework for machine learning that uses tree based learning algorithms.
download_url: https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 3.2.0
    release_date: 22/3/2021

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: https://community.arm.com/arm-community-blogs/b/infrastructure-solutions-blog/posts/xgboost-lightgbm-aws-graviton3
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Installation-Guide.html
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/releases/tag/v3.2.0
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: The Project is releasing only python wheels for aarch64 no other executable is being release for aarch64.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: The Project is releasing only python wheels for aarch64. No other executables are being released for aarch64.
```
